Refactor TypeIds for LSP1Hooks in LSP7 LSP8 LSP14 (#130)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-14-Ownable2Step.md

- If the new owner address supports LSP1 interface, SHOULD call the new owner's [`universalReceiver(...)`] function with the following parameters below:

    - `typeId`: `0x0cfc51aec37c55a4d0b10000ee9a7c0924f740a2ca33d59b7f0c2929821ea983`
    - `data`: TBD

> TypeId was constructed as a bytes32 Key with Mapping as keyType according to [LSP2-ERC725YJSONSchema]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TypeId is constructed as a bytes32 Key with [Mapping](./LSP2-ERC725YJSONSchema#Mapping) as keyType. The `bytes32` key is constructed by concatenating the following:
```

> - `bytes10(keccak256('LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate'))`

Reviewer: Maybe it would be good to list them with `+` sign, to highlight it's a concatenation (like we do in LSP2)

```
  `bytes10(keccak256('LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate'))`
+ `bytes2(0)`  
+ `bytes20(keccak256('LSP14OwnershipTransferStarted'))`
```
